README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- React vite app
- TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of teh app
- Login form
- Sign up from
- form validations
- useRef Hook
- firebase setup
- Deploy in firebase
- Implemented SignUp User
- Implemented Sign In user
- Add Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update user's Profile
- Fix Sign up user display name is not showing
- Fix navigation for not login users to accessing protected routes and vice versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constant file
- Register on TMDB API and create access token and API key
- Get the data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movie slice
- Update store with movies data
- Create Top and Secondary containers
- Create Video title and video background in the top container
- Fetch movie videos by the TMDB API
- Embedded the trailer video form the youtube and make it auto play on loop
- Planning for secondary container
- Build movie list and movie cards
- Add popular movies api
- Add GPT Search
- Add GPT search bar
- Add multi language feature in GPT search page

# Features

- login/sign up

  - Sign in / sign up form
  - redirect to browse page

- Browse (After authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
  - Trailer in background
  - movie suggestions
    - movie list with vertical scroll

Commit message:

add GPT-powered search bar  and fetch movie suggestions, and render results as list items

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- React vite app
- TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of teh app
- Login form
- Sign up from
- form validations
- useRef Hook
- firebase setup
- Deploy in firebase
- Implemented SignUp User
- Implemented Sign In user
- Add Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update user's Profile
- Fix Sign up user display name is not showing
- Fix navigation for not login users to accessing protected routes and vice versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constant file
- Register on TMDB API and create access token and API key
- Get the data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movie slice
- Update store with movies data
- Create Top and Secondary containers
- Create Video title and video background in the top container
- Fetch movie videos by the TMDB API
- Embedded the trailer video form the youtube and make it auto play on loop
- Planning for secondary container
- Build movie list and movie cards
- Add popular movies api
- Add GPT Search
- Add GPT search bar
- Add multi language feature in GPT search page
- Add GPT powered search bar
- Add GPT suggestions screen and showing in Movie list

# Features

- login/sign up

  - Sign in / sign up form
  - redirect to browse page

- Browse (After authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
  - Trailer in background
  - movie suggestions
    - movie list with vertical scroll
